Document how cuDF is pronounced (#14753)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/index.rst

    :width: 300px
    :align: center

> **cuDF** (pronounced "cuh-dee-ef") is a Python GPU DataFrame library (built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**cuDF** (pronounced "KOO dee-eff") is a Python GPU DataFrame library (built
```
